[Music]
he was looking for something new a way
to change his life
[Music]
I guess there's this urban myth going
around here at the moment it's about a
beach a secret beach on an island that
no one can get to somewhere paradise
must exist I just feel like everyone
tries to do something different but they
always wind up doing the same damn
things 1 kilometers to Richard thinking
miles not kilometres I'm American so so
let's go
[Music]
or a good Moreland so much fire at the
edge of the world we're not gonna jump
[Music]
they found all they ever wanted a
paradise few have ever experienced
I don't suppose there's any reason that
you should spend time with me
what are you talking about making
conversation do you have a girlfriend
why making conversation a temptation
trust me they had never known
[Music]
[Applause]
and a secret
no one ever escaped
[Music]
by southern kill for people with my own
eyes
[Music]
go home forget this island
may God take your soul
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]